Learn, Improve, and Teach others how to play the most popular game on steam- the highest grossing E-Sport! With prize pools over $20 million in the International 6, there never has been a better time to learn DotA! With our experienced Staff and wide selection of free and paid coaches, we guarantee that if you spend time on us we will spend time on you - to make you better, stronger, and faster than ever before.

It's An Academy
We put an emphasis on teaching and learning, but at the end of the day have fun! The Discord is over 200 members and growing fast! A community, where you can chat freely and get questions answered, yet also go into a session for more in depth help and detailed analysis, and can choose the extent you want it. You can get coaching that is free, or go more premium with paid coaching.
We will also host Symposiums, or Forums if you will, hosted by our coaches, for all players to join in and listen to our coaches speak about a variety of topics. Additionally, we will have demonstrations of various techniques, and we will organize inhouses hosted by our coaches where coaches can provide feedback, and just play to have fun while practicing communication and working with players in a team environment.

Join the Dota 2 Academy if you are:
> New
> Wanting to improve
> Looking for a coach for yourself or for your team
> Looking for a group of friendly players
> Interested in spreading your knowledge by coaching others as a free (or paid) coach

Join us, and if you like us, all we ask is that you share the link to others who might like the idea too!

If you want more information, contact us through Facebook, Instagram, google or on the server itself. You can also speak to admin or moderator for questions!

Beginner	Intermediate					Advanced
< 4000 MMR	4000 - 5000 MMR					> 5000 MMR
		Has previous tournaments experiences		Good in analysing replay
		Willing to analyse gameplay			Interested to go for 
		Willing to participate in upcoming tournaments	professional tournaments
		OR						OR
		Pass beginner level				Pass Intermediate Level

Course Fees

Fees				Public		Secondary School Students
One-Time Enrollment Fee		RM 90		RM 50
(Payable upon enrolment)	
Beginner Level Course Fee		RM 780
Intermediate Level Course Fee		RM 870
Advanced Level Course Fee		RM 990